and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I share actual B2B
marketing website and SEO tips useful
podcasts free goodies and more you can
give it a shot over at businessgrowth
dot email
so join me today I've got gray Sharon
McDonald and Liam moroney they're the
co-founders over at storybook marketing
welcome to the show how we doing
very well thanks for having us you're
very welcome it's uh it's always a
pleasure to have two guests rather than
one to always enjoy these special
episodes because we don't do them very
often it's always good fun
um diving straight into it we're gonna
be talking how you can improve your
demand generation results from today
to be a spicy and actionable episode
where we'll um
share essentially everything people
tuning in need to know when it comes to
demand gen and how you can serve real
impact
um so that said
how important is demand gen when it
comes from a B2B perspective today
do you want to go first or do you want
me to Chris then you take it away
I think demand generation is it's become
Central to B2B marketing I think it's
been a big topic over the last year for
sure and I think a lot there's a lot of
confusion about what it is because the
amount of influence it has seems to
expand at one point it used to be the
channel That Gets leads then it started
to incorporate content then it started
to incorporate brand influences demand
and I think really it's it's not so much
a function or a Channel or even a team
as it is a go to market strategy so it's
really how B2B marketing should be
thinking about generating business and
revenue and thinking about as a
marketing function yeah and what I'd
also add on to that is I think it's one
of the aspects of marketing in
particular that changes so rapidly
um and so frequently and you know I
think if you look at the last year
particularly last year it really felt
like demand gen and B2B marketing was
starting to undergo this fundamental
shift there was lots of conversations
around for example ungating your content
trying to migrate away from typical lead
gen models conversations of that nature
and particularly over the last couple of
months as the economy has changed so
rapidly you know the world have gotten
really intense for B2B marketers
particularly those in Tech you know
budgets have tightened everyone sort of
in this wait and see phase I think a lot
of teams have started to look backwards
in a way with their Dimension and sort
of revert back to their comfort zone and
what they know works and it's sort of
bringing to the Forefront now this
conversation of great here's where we
are how do I get more out of this
program right now today with what I've
got yeah yeah exactly right and we're
going to get into kind of some some
tactics and strategies shortly which
will be will be good fun
um but I often ask like we've had a lot
of conversations around demand gen
around go to market on the show in past
episodes but if and both you can go for
this or one of you can take it but if
you were to sum up like your one liner
of demand gen what would you say it
entails
I threw it's a big it's a big statement
I think if I were
I can go first I think I would say
demand generation is the the marketing
strategy of understanding how people
purchase your product and creating a
strategy that Maps directly to that it
just sounds very very vague but that's
because that's ultimately like it is
there are very fundamental differences
creating brand awareness is perceptions
about your company demand generation is
figuring out why you buy a product like
this and how do you demonstrate why you
are a solution for that
um nice and in terms of demand gen like
you've only got to go onto LinkedIn to
see that everyone's got their own
opinion of demand gen and if you um if
you weren't too well educated on what
demand generation actually entails you
could almost get like 100 opinions at
the same time because one person might
be saying oh it's just posting content
on LinkedIn another person might be
saying oh it's actually putting paid
spend behind your content so if you're
doing like company page content on
LinkedIn for example getting paid
distribution so you can actually Target
your ideal clients and make sure it's
served to them another person might say
it's doing a podcast another person
might say it's doing YouTube like
everyone's almost got their two cents
um when it comes to what actually makes
up a demand generation campaign so in
truth is it all of the above is it just
some of the above is it some of the
above plus a bit more
um this is just what I see on my feed
like most days yeah and I I think all of
those are great examples of different
demand gen tactics all of which might
work some of the time for some
businesses and I think to if I were to
potentially consolidate sort of what
what Liam said there when you really
boil it all away demand gen is an
understanding of why your customers by
you how they buy you and how you reach
them and when you look at it from that
perspective then that you can start to
slot in those different tactics which
might be podcasts posting on LinkedIn
sharing content it all has to stem from
that understanding of your audience and
if that's how you reach them and how
they buy you then great you know post on
LinkedIn share content
um
so you touched on a very relevant topic
just now Gracie on in terms of
especially in B2B Tech
um SAS and so on a lot of companies have
been been hit hard especially this year
2023 time of recording a lot of layoffs
and a lot of organizations are almost
going back to what they know they're
perhaps cutting added expenses whether
that's staff or external teams when it
comes to Brand when it comes to field
marketing when it might come to demand
gen as well and perhaps going back to
more traditional channels when it comes
to customer inbound acquisition to get
those demo requests or inbound consult
requests through things like Google paid
search review sites the devil they know
let's say
um so what are your thoughts on there do
you think demand gen is rightly so when
companies are giving it a cut or they're
kind of spending Less on building their
brand and reaching out to people that
don't know them yet whereas just going
for the small chunk that might be in
Market
yeah I know Liam's got a great
perspective on this
yeah I think it's
I mean we have a lot of sympathy for
because we've been in exactly those
positions and you know once budgets get
cut back and you're asked like you need
to get as much efficiency out of it it's
very natural to default to what you can
measure best which is it's very logical
to protect your job it tends to not
translate quite as well when you're
trying to do the best kind of marketing
because podcasts are a perfect example
that are one channel it's very very hard
to measure and yet very very effective
but I think it really is about like the
mix of demand capture versus demand
generation and a lot of the channels
like paid search are an example of ones
where you know you should be maxing out
the most efficiency you get out of a
channel where people are already near to
the bottom of the funnel like that's the
obvious place to go and it is the
logical place to go like if you've got
limited budget you want to make sure
that's where you're as effective as you
can be you're capitalizing on every
keyword that you can
but also making sure that you're aware
that there is a very immediate and quick
limit comes to that like there's only so
many people searching for a product like
yours on Google and the mistake people
make is they see a channel like that and
they say oh look at all the demos we can
get of these people who are hand raisers
and then you cap out the number very
quickly and what you start doing is you
start loosening the keywords okay maybe
it's less product specific and the the
efficacy goes down so it's really just
understanding that there are definite
demand capture channels but they run out
quickly because like you said there's
only so many people in Market it's about
how do you make sure that you're also
investing in those people who are not
yet in market and educating people who
are going to be in Market at some point
yeah that's fair
um and this is a bit of a loaded
question I promise I'll stop squeezing
you you can get into actionables in a
sec but um do you think you've got to be
a certain size of company for demand
generation to be most effective
um because when it comes to capturing
demand for smaller organizations you
could probably just sit back and use
channels like paid search review sites
organic search and similar
um and just capturing those prospects
that are literally serving searching for
your solution your offer might be fine
because that will drive enough leads for
your sales team if you're a smaller org
but I imagine it gets to a certain point
on your size where that's not effective
enough then you've got to start hitting
that market that doesn't yet know about
your offer that might not be in market
and I guess that's where demand gen
comes more more effective
yes it it's an interesting question I
think I don't think there is a
particular size and curious here it does
Chris because I think it it comes in
very different formats because capturing
demand one method of capturing demand is
paid search it's scooping up where
people are actively raising their hands
another one is reaching out to people at
the right time and in the right way
which doesn't necessarily have to happen
in the form of leads it can happen in
the form of outbound motions which
people don't often talk about and I know
yeah you have a much better perspective
on that one than I do yeah I came from
this world before I got into demand gen
um and I think it's one of the
underappreciated uh cost effective
methods of doing demand gen particularly
for smaller companies early stage
companies
um it's also one of the most cost
effective ways of testing messaging in
new Target audiences and new categories
but to Liam's Point like it's it's a
great way to begin both capture during
whatever existing demand there is in
your Market already as well as
generating new Demand by spreading the
awareness of your company and your
message in a really cost effective way
and a really immediate way to test your
messaging in real time and get feedback
about what is and is not resonating
interesting
um a lot of marketers hate the idea of
outbound right
um
but it's a channel and it does work
unless you're like you mentioned that
unless your messaging is off
or your sales reps aren't trained
properly or these kind of things but
you've only got to listen to someone
like Chris Walker's podcast and it
sounds like outbound cold email cold
calling it's like the devil when
it can work fine when it's done right in
my opinion yeah and I think and I I
could be wrong about this but part of me
sometimes feels that the reason there's
that
um
kind of unfair perception of outbound is
historically outbound teams were within
the sales function and I think when you
think about it from the perspective of
this attribution idea and trying to
achieve perfect attribution I think
what's unfortunately happened in the
past is there's this competition between
sales and marketing for attribution and
when an Outback team is on on the sales
department did it really come from the
outbound team or was that demo request
something that the marketing team did or
can we all accept the fact that Rising
Tides lift all boats and everything is
sort of working together
um and amplifying one another and that's
not to say that um I know it's a debate
right now and that's not to say that
SDR teams should always be on marketing
I think there's a case for both but part
of me feels that that's why there's that
pessimistic perception of outbound teams
from the marketing department
um I think that's where it stems from
and I would love to change that because
it's such a powerful engine when those
two functions can really work together
it's also that there is a lot of bad
usage of SDR teams against marketing
leads like it is a bad experience for
everyone to just download an ebook and
suddenly you get hounded or the kind of
spray and pray generic messaging for
everyone where everyone's inboxes get
flooded it's it's this idea that I think
a lot of where there's a bad perception
within marketing towards about is that
it feels like outbound is a bad way of
acting on marketing whereas what it
should be doing is acting alongside
marketing like if you're warming up
these audiences if you're showing
thought leadership
as our outbound motion should be going
alongside that not directly following an
interaction like that's where I think it
feels like it's it's almost like you're
being tracked down and hunted by a team
and it's aggressive and it's it's like
junk mail whereas it can be just
complementary and pointing at people who
are better educated about your brand
yeah I think it's all fair points I mean
a lot of the time outbound comes down to
timing and messaging and the chances are
not everyone's going to go to the
channel you hope they go to to find your
offer
um so that's when outbound can be so
effective like you say when it's done
right
um I've got an interesting experiment
I'm launching in a Solo episode on this
podcast very soon of how we close quite
a significant deal from just outbound
calling
um so I'm excited to launch that one but
yeah I digress we um let's get tactical
we've teed up the conversation enough
we're going to share kind of how you can
start improving demand generation
results from today onwards
um so what are some of the first steps
what is like the foundational layer
what's the the first things that we
should be doing to make this happen
yeah I think the best place to start is
look at what you've already got
so what do you already have that you can
make better use of where I tend to look
first is your database
so what do you have in your existing
database what kind of marketing and
nurturing can you do to your database
what kinds of segments you already have
in that database is it a cool is it kind
of a stale audience how warm is that
audience I've found many times that when
you really go after what's in your
database and trying to as they say I
know it's cliche with squeeze more juice
out of the orange and what more can you
get out of what you already have I
always think that's one of the best
places to start and and similarly for
the folks that have you know like a plg
model expired free trials things of that
nature that can be a great place to go
and say you know what what can we do
here what kind of marketing can we do
here
um you know where can we generate
uh some immediate pipeline out of what
we've already got I don't know if
there's any other perspective that you
have on that Liam in terms of you know
looking at what you already have
yeah I think there's there's things like
the database that's definitely one the
other part I think is then looking at
how things are already working within
the system and I think it's it's one of
those kind of underappreciated things a
lot of marketing especially in Imagine
people think that if we need to get new
business if we need to do new things as
opposed to the slightly under celebrated
look internally at where you could be
more efficient like it is the really
obvious place to start a really big one
is that sales handoff that's usually
where you see the biggest drop-off in
efficiency and there's a load of reasons
why but the starting point is figure out
where the efficiency stops are you
hitting your leads are you hitting your
mqls are they not converting into
meetings are the meetings not converting
into Ops once you start to isolate where
those points are you start to be able to
come up with reasons of well why would
that be are they the wrong audiences
coming in are they not yet ready are
they misunderstanding things about the
company are there things you could be
doing is it an internal issue where
we're just not handing off in the right
way as quickly as we need to those
things as simple as they they might seem
they can uncover an enormous amount of
inefficiency that you can fix very
quickly
it almost feels like the most obvious
things in marketing aren't obvious
because certainly with me like the
things that are right under my nose is
what I miss and then I go after the new
shiny objects and then realize that I'm
missing like a ton of things that could
be helping our business growth
immediately and like you said there your
existing database
um and looking like you say perhaps
trials that hadn't converted past
customers past clients like that that
could be a gold mine of short-term
Revenue couldn't it if you harness it
right and we see this a lot this is a
lot of where we work with clients where
we find that they build things and then
they have pressures internally they've
got to launch new campaigns they've got
all these other things they're focusing
on and then you never return back and
get that time to sit down and go let me
look through it and find is it as
efficient as it could be they're just
it's not a time is not a very uh it's
not a very uh plentiful thing in B2B
marketing for sure especially for
leaders
sure and in terms of go ahead question
no no go for it in in terms of sales
handoff conversion let's talk a little
bit more about that so we're talking
about like the leads that you are
getting in already how effective they're
going from like book a demo or book
consult through to like the stages in
between up to one revenue and kind of
what that percentage is like based on
each Channel or yeah I I think it's
um it's
what we often see at least is a metric
of efficiency and just how efficient
that Handover is happening
um it's this idea at least from my
perspective that you know that you don't
want to have a leaky bucket if you're
looking for what more can you get from
what you already have
we often see unfortunately that that
Handover process things get missed
Things fall through the cracks things
are getting converted wrong and then
lost in the system or maybe they're just
being hit one time with a follow-up once
a new demo or you know some type of
request comes in and then nothing
happens after so it's that really
harnessing what you've already got
um and really ensuring a you know
efficient flow and efficient handoff
process from the time it comes in all
the way through to that sales
conversation making sure you get as many
there as you can that's of course you
know implying that there's going to be
some that are disqualified there's going
to be some that aren't great fits we're
not saying that you should just push
every demo request that comes in to a
sales call because then that's gonna you
know inflate your pipeline
um but it's just making sure that you
don't have a leaky bucket there that
things aren't slipping through the
cracks yeah yeah and are there any kind
of you mentioned a couple there but are
there any common mistakes or any kind of
best practices you feel when it comes to
that
um kind of prospect on your website and
I guess quickly filtering whether they
should go like straight to I know
there's this dilemma as well they're
aggressive of it here but sometimes
companies want to send leads to demo
requests that come into sdrs or whether
they should decide whether to send it to
an AE
um whether there's the direct calendar
booking with the tool like chili Piper
or calendly or whether they should fill
out a form wait 48 hours and then hope
for the best
um
like these these are just things that I
see are there any other like common
issues and like easy fixes for for sales
handoffs for inbound yeah I think you
mentioned one of the biggest
creating friction in the booking process
by going back and forth requesting times
um and I'm sure there's people out there
who would disagree with me on that that
some people like the personal
interaction of I'm free this time I
can't meet then I gotta you know go pick
my kid up from soccer practice some
people I think like that personal
Rapport however more often than not I've
seen it create friction in the booking
process and then that's how things just
kind of get de-prioritized people's
inboxes get cluttered and it falls to
the back burner so what you mentioned
about like a calendly or chili Piper
it's one of the best
um practices I think I could ever
recommend for efficiency there and then
in terms of sort of that routing process
and is it an SDR is it an AE do we
automatically convert it how is it
qualified
I think
you know
I think automation is a double-edged
sword I think there's a point of
diminishing returns when it comes to
trying to automate a lot of that sort of
conversion mechanism and assignment
mechanism and I think there's always
going to be a human element a human
layer of you know the system saying that
it has this type of tech stack you know
they're based here they have this many
employees so they're probably not a fit
for us
I think of having a human layer on that
is really important
um and so I guess the recommendation
would be you know don't over index on
trying to automate everything
um yeah yeah because we we're probably
all guilty of this like filling out a
demo or consult form quickly putting
something in and like you said it could
be that we put one point whether that's
the currency around we use or something
like that and I suppose if a company
automatically disqualifies you because
you've put one piece of tech that
doesn't hit their system and it turns
out like you've spent a sales rep speaks
to this company it's actually a massive
Enterprise opportunity and they actually
use a range of systems and just because
your Tech system has filtered them out
you've kind of missed out on a big up so
I'm sure that does happen especially in
big companies quite a bit
there's also people like when people
talk about the demo request form they
they often talk about like oh am I
adding too many fields am I creating
friction that's usually not the problem
funnily enough like you there's actually
like studies show that the more Fields
you add the more likely they are to
convert on a high value form where we've
seen people growing a lot is actually
exactly that that like the way you've
structured the farm kind of almost if
you're being lazy and you're trying to
quickly fill out a form you might hit a
drop down and just choose the top thing
in that drop down list you could end up
disqualifying yourself because you're
confused about like how this form should
be filled out like it's make sure the
farm is easy to give information and
also don't give people like a weirdly
you know we've seen it like where people
say like choose your Revenue range and
it's like not to 500 million and 500
million to 700 like those are just odd
groupings and it's like just don't make
it confusing for people to fill out
forms yeah yeah yeah Fair Point Fair
Point okay cool that's those two points
what what's next in the
and the driving dirt demand um yeah
I think the only other
um
or I guess the one that most readily
comes to mind
use of what you already have
um to a point Liam sort of raised a few
minutes ago around you know we tend to
be led by this shiny object syndrome and
like you know we just did this like now
let's move on and do something else and
then let's go here and so sometimes
things like your content that's really
great content really well produced it
can sort of have this one and done
promotional moment and so in terms of
looking at what you already have I would
suggest looking at the content that you
have you know blogs case studies high
value assets you know videos whatever
you have looking at the content that you
have and seeing what can you repurpose
what again again what can you do with
what you already have
um and in terms of creating new content
if none of the content that you have
let's say you've just repositioned you
know you've you've launched a new
product and what you have just doesn't
really apply anymore I think a great
place to look is internal smes from a
Content creation perspective
um to start exhibiting that thought
leadership in a really organic and cost
effective way and so that would sort of
from my perspective be the last layer of
look at what you already have
um
but then to your question from there
where we would suggest starting to move
is really understanding the performance
of your program what's working and
what's not
um and as you pointed out Sam like you
know sometimes the most obvious things
aren't that obvious and when you really
take a step back
um which we know is a luxury for a lot
of marketing teams particularly to
managing folks to be able to do having a
really clear sense of what is working
and why it's working that is really
important to then decide how you can be
really strategic and selective with the
budget and the resources that you have
okay and and when we say performance
we're talking about kind of paid spend
on channels like LinkedIn ads to ICP
with targeted messages uh are we talking
about something a bit different or what
we're looking at
I mean it's a combination of all of them
I think a lot of it is is deciding what
what you define as working because
that's where people get a lot of the
things wrong where you can say look how
many leads we got as opposed to how many
of those leads actually converted into
an outcome and why and what was the true
cost of an outcome so it's making sure
you don't have short-sighted View and
that's a big problem and often this is a
leadership problem where if marketing is
being held to a very short cited goal
like hit the lead volume hit the mql
goal and then everyone is surprised when
that doesn't materialize like that's
where the important part is look Beyond
it and say well what are the outcomes
and why were those outcomes and which
channels drove the most outcomes because
if you want sometimes it's not Legion
sometimes it is the one that you know
like outbound like outbound is another
great use case and it's it's funny that
iPhone keeps coming back but I remember
plenty of times where I was certainly as
an in-house marketer I I kind of was
almost competing with outbound you saw
it as like the channel That if that one
worked therefore it in place my one did
not work which like Grace I mentioned
it's just not how it works it is like a
rising tide outbound should get better
if marketing is doing a good job
alongside like everything should improve
along with itself not against each other
like you know like you shouldn't
challenge channels against one another
too often
um I've we've seen it happen before
where social gets targeted against
events like they're not the same they
both don't work the same way they're not
achieving the same outcomes and
sometimes you turn one off and the other
stops working so like it's not it's not
starting to look at things as channels
to compete against one another but what
is it for an easy achieving the outcome
it's supposed to
yeah makes sense do you
I know you guys you folks have audited
quite a few demand gen campaigns uh is
there a common suspect that often comes
up on on the paid ads front that quite
often is saying oh we're shipping a lot
of a lot of AD budget here but it's not
really producing yeah it's producing
experts not producing revenue on the
bottom line
yes
for a few reasons I'm sure you can think
of a few ghosts I'd like some of the
common ones are
trying to too thinly distribute budget
across too many different things
um that's a big one where you might have
10 audiences getting a small budget when
you probably should have been
concentrating on one or two like that's
a very common use case where when you
start to break it into how many
different places it got place of course
it was skimming the surface and doing
very little else about that that's a
very common one
what pops the mind for UGA
I think kind of on a similar point the
conversion rate of uh paid traffic and
and paid paid surgeon and just things
driven by paid
um it we've seen teams spend a lot of
money and it never converts at the same
rate as organic
um so I'd say that's another another big
one
hmm I suppose it just comes down to
really assessing and auditing like we
were saying at the start like how well
your current campaigns performing
and then understanding like what the
bottom line is from each one and I think
it's starting to it is following the
journey that's really one of the big
things especially unpaid I remember
there was there was a particular code we
worked with where they they had a very
large paid budget and they were
generating lots and lots of leads but on
the surface if you looked at it purely
from a cost per lead point of view the
channels that they thought were their
best performing were actually producing
the most expensive like outcomes because
so few of them progressed so like cost
per lead is one of the worst benchmarks
for trying to determine whether
something actually is working it's cost
per outcome is what you should be
looking at like cost per meeting or
pipeline or qualified pipeline whatever
depending on your deal cycle length but
it's it's not stopping at look how many
we got and look at the names it's what
happened afterwards yeah it's I mean
this this is a massive conversation in
itself especially with paid like I mean
we we see organizations invest tons into
Google page search Google AdWords but
then they don't retarget that traffic so
they're paying like five ten dollars
maybe more per High intent click but
that prospect's probably not going to
book a demo all the time on their first
click and then you if you're not
retargeting them where they're hanging
out like LinkedIn and kind of educating
them positioning yourself is that
Authority in that space like that's just
a ton of wasted cash just because you
didn't know how to retarget or remarket
to this Prospect properly speaking of
which another really common thing that
we see is actually it's in the
underlying strategy who are you
targeting we've last came to the amount
of times where everyone says the well we
want to Target the CMO because the CMO
is the most senior person in the deal as
opposed to who's the person who's most
likely to take a demo and evaluate the
tool and it's that it's it's marketing
trying to think too closely to what
sales leadership is telling their
like go up into the high and as high
into the organization as you can do but
I mean you talk to any CMO they're not
taking Tech demos they're asking their
team to because they trust their team
more too that point yeah yeah that's an
interesting point actually okay cool
um so looking through the the paid
channels looking through the setups and
and understanding that properly
um where do we go after that
well you might like this one because
it's the website I think that's that's
the obvious place
um I mean your website is your most
effective demand generation asset by far
because it's the thing that almost
everything will pass through to some
degree excluding like everyone but even
in that case people will use your
website either to convert on or to
validate whether you are worth
responding to an open message on
um for sure for sure I think
it's one of those things like I I mean I
ramble on about websites all the time on
on solo episodes and quite literally say
it can be your very best or very worst
salesperson depending on how you treat
it and like you quite rightly said it's
depending on the type of traffic that's
coming to it whether it's a warm
Prospect that's perhaps been referred or
a cold or Prospect there's fat perhaps
stumbled upon you for the first time
um can be massively different because
that colder Prospect is going to want to
quickly understand kind of what you do
the problem you fix how you help
see that proof of results get that trust
built
um
understand kind of probably want to
check out your pricing page and then
make a decision on whether they're
comfortable in speaking to to your sales
team whether they're going to book a
demo or book a consult take that next
step so like you say if you're
neglecting the
the way you design it build out the
messaging and more it's a it's going to
be a huge impact on your overall
marketing spend yeah and and exactly
what is its job like too often like you
said there's there's no pricing page
it's trying to use it as a bait and
switch tactic but in reality it's a
salesperson its job is to give you all
the information you need to explain it
as clearly as possible and to help
navigate you to where you can get more
of the answers that you need and very
often there are too many websites are
built the same where they follow like oh
well this is how you build a SAS website
as opposed to what do we know about our
audience what language will resonate and
the last part is make sure you write it
in language that they're going to
respond to not language you like to use
that like overly buzzwordy internal
jargon filled like the same words that
everyone else puts in every headline on
every website I think many Tech and SAS
companies are guilty of that uh yeah
kind of you go onto their home page you
read their home page headline and you've
looked at it for 10 seconds you're still
not quite sure what it is they do or how
their offer helps you or another thing I
see is sometimes companies will just
have their Headliners we just got
funding or we just want a G2 top 10
award it's like that's great but isn't
that better for like your company and
your invested in your internal team
rather than kind of what you're actually
going to offer to your prospects aka the
people that are going to buy your stuff
one of the most memorable things I heard
from a cro once when we were redesigning
a website was uh we were trying to we
were arguing over the headline about
what was the right headline when people
landed on the site and unsurprisingly I
was advocating for like the marketing
Centric one and he was like well yeah
but we need to write this for what the
investors will like because they're
going to prefer this language I'm like I
think we're missing the mark on this one
just a tiny bit
yeah that is that would probably trigger
me for sure
it must be a strange thing though when
you're that reliant on getting cash from
investors that you put them ahead of the
people that are actually going to buy
your stuff
yeah I mean evening out like it's funny
because it changes depending on what the
environment is but going back to like
what your website is far it is a demand
generation sales enablement asset first
and foremost but that said it will also
depending on the timeline like some of
the most traffic you'll ever get to your
website is on your careers page and
you're about page so you have to make
sure that it like satisfies the right
audiences but not lose sight of who it's
for like sure you may need to get your
series C funding but not at the expense
of how people understand what your
product does yeah are there any other
pages that you see I mean I've got
plenty of opinions on this but there are
any other Pages or parts of websites
that you feel are often neglected
what do you think chair hmm
while you're thinking I think the the
company culture page is not it's not as
as thought through as it could be I
think people underestimate how important
liking the company and wanting to buy
from that company that's a good honest
company I mean I I've lost I've lost
candy many times I was at a company
where I had to go to the HR team and say
that person on the apparatus pitch
hasn't worked here in like a year and a
half like there's nothing authentic
about that page whatsoever
um but people do like especially in
marketing you you buy not just the best
solution but the solution you like the
most and if you like the people who work
there and you like what they do that's
an important differentiator that people
Overlook a lot
yeah for sure like you say the about
page or the team page is quite often
like the second or third highest visited
page when you look into a lot of B2B and
Tech websites like it's really
surprising so if it's like we talked
about earlier if it just talks about how
great your company is the awards You've
Won and stuff like that and
I think probably one of the most the
biggest issues I see is that site
websites just don't aren't built to
resonate with ideal clients so when you
put your target market first it just
shifts everything in terms of design
messaging and more
um yeah
I could I could talk for probably two
days on this one yeah it's it's a big
one for sure um but we better better
keep things moving so that that's the
website side of things is there anything
after does it stop at the website
no so I think you know from there and
and once you've
optimized where you can on your website
and you've got a really clear sense of
what's working and what's not typically
there's a sort of budget reallocation
there um from a paid standpoint once you
have Clarity on this is working this
isn't maybe we can reallocate some
budget into this and to the points Liam
made it's it's what does working mean
for you and that really clear definition
it's not always generating leads maybe
it is to generate awareness maybe is it
to drive more people to your site so is
that tactic or Channel working in the
sense that it's accomplishing what you
want that channel to be accomplishing
and I think that's a really important
distinction so I think moving from there
and thinking about how you can make
better use of the budget that you have
the last sort of like immediate lever
that we see teams have is to bring it
home outbound
um and I think there's it's important to
kind of take a step back in looking at
your outbound function and thinking are
we targeting the Right audience with the
right messaging you know could we be
doing this more efficiently could we be
doing this you know at a better scale or
a different scale and so
like we kind of talked in the beginning
outbound is a really cost effective
essentially free way of both capturing
the existing demand in the market it
kind of goes back to that concept that
not all of your target market is going
to be in Market at any given time so how
can you effectively capture the ones
that are well spread the awareness of
who you are to the ones that aren't and
outbound is just such an effective way
of doing that particularly when budgets
are limited of course it's not
completely free you need to pay the
salaries of the sdrs or bdrs and you
need a couple but I think the
misconception with a lot of teams is
that you need to have this High
performing Dimension engine that's
generating leads before you can make a
case to bring on sdrs and bdrs that'll
field those
and it sort of undersells the value of
this outbound program and how that can
really jump start and fuel a lot of your
dimension that then pays those dividends
in the forms of like leads and demos
um
it's a funny one I think of outbound
because companies tend to be super for
it and those will be some of the first
hires they'll take the sdrs bdrs
especially if they get investment and
they are a company that's into outbound
they'll probably get a panel of sti's
bdrs and
feet they'll be feeding leads for the
AES and then they'll probably do some
paid ads or on the other hand you might
get a company that's completely against
outbound and they they just go full
swing kind of capturing some Demand with
ads and doing a demand gen campaign and
and that kind of stuff it usually tends
to be a company's extremely one way or
extremely the other from yeah from YC
yeah and and I think one of the biggest
debates right now is sort of the future
of the outbound team and the future of
the SDR function we're actually just
having this conversation the other day
Liam and I about how personally I don't
think the SDR function will ever go away
I think the tactics will always keep
changing like I think we may be sort of
cresting to the effectiveness of email
but we're seeing all kinds of other
tactics you know around LinkedIn
um and I think the tactics are always
going to change and the way that you get
people's attention is always going to
change it's always going to look
different if we think back to 10 years
ago it was almost exclusively calling
and so the way that you get people's
attention and the way that we interact
with each other is always going to
change but the idea of a team of people
whose entire focus is going out
talking about your product and
introducing your product to people who
might need it or be in market for it I
don't think that concept is ever going
to go away
yeah and and just to wrap things up how
we've touched a bit about how does a
demand gen campaign how does that
influence
an outbound campaign
well you you only need to talk to a
sales rep who's trying to sell a product
that has no brand awareness or any like
Affinity in the market and they'll tell
you exactly how problematic having no
Dimension is like it I think the
misconception is that demand gen starts
leads come hand over to sales sales file
is up like you know they it is to make
it easier to outreach to people so that
they have heard of you they understand
what you do they understand how you do
it and marketing is that that
Groundswell that helps that effort a lot
of the time
or alongside that it's also helping the
outbound motion Point towards an
audience that is much more likely to be
receptive to that message because you're
saying these are the audiences and
companies we've been marketing to
they're engaging with it you should be
spending your time focusing on them as
opposed to this other cold audience and
in theory you should have a better hit
rate from those efforts than you would
from a cold audience
yeah I've always thought with that said
I've always thought if uh if what I'm
doing if what we're doing with web
Choice ever fell through and I had to be
a sales rep to get some cash I just work
for a company like gong like everyone
knows gong you've literally just got to
say I'm working with going on a call and
it's like oh yeah market leader in sales
intelligence yeah I'll talk to you it
must be so much easier than working for
a startup that's like brand new in that
sales intelligence space just giving
gong Pi free PR here because my mind
they're not even a sponsor
not yet a sponsor
but um yeah that's that's it anyway
anyway really enjoyed the chat thanks
very much for running through all things
demand Jen and how um companies can
start implementing these things to see
results from today onwards so with that
please do share more grace Anna Lim
about your company about how people can
learn from you connect with you and if
they want to get in touch
yeah sure we are storybook marketing we
are a boutique demand generation agency
and where we specialize is helping to
design to build and to manage demand
generation programs for B2B companies so
if you either are beginning in demand
generation and you really want to do it
right and get it from the get-go talk to
us if you've already got a program that
you think could be working better or has
stopped working as well as it once did
reach out to us because we we've been in
those seats we know how to do it we know
how the tools work we've we are the
blend of strategy from being leaders but
we still know how to roll up our sleeves
and get into the tools when we need to
yep then the best way to reach us would
be the form on our website
storybookmarketing dot IO
awesome good stuff and put all of those
links on the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and I want to
thank you both once again for coming on
yeah this is great thank you
no worries at all and as always if you
enjoyed today's episode a quick rating
or review on Spotify or apple apple
podcast is much appreciated or if you're
tuning on YouTube a subscribe goes a
long way and we'll catch you on the next
one for more no BS B2B marketing tips to
grow business grow your Revenue catch
you soon